hi guys it's the mia and Tiffany show so
as always I Mia introduced wall tiffany
has the first idea so today's topic is
what to do with your American Girl dolls
or any other doll in the summer so we'll
probably making more of these videos I
Quentin you with your dolls in the fall
the winter spring so this is the first
one and it's summer because it is
somewhere so yeah ok so Tiffany you can
of the first one ok so I'm Tiffany as
you all know and my first idea is take
your dolls or doll on vacation with you
I don't mean like if you're camping
because if you're camping you're going
to get dirty or broken and you're not
really going to play with them because
usually when you go camping you're busy
doing other things and taking hikes and
that kind of stuff so you won't really
have time for them and especially if
you're going backpacking because yeah
we're just extra weight for you to carry
so but if you are going to a hotel or
visiting your grandparents or going to
your cousin's house well if your cousins
have dolls or else that would be kind of
weird but so we dolls are always eager
to go on Planes Trains boats fairies
fairies about oh well and so yeah even
the car so you can even take us to the
store because we love the ride so that's
my first video yeah ok my first idea the
second idea is I have picnics with your
doll you can take here doll to the
neighborhood park or even just in your
backyard or go
a friend's house if they have knowles
and just pack a little lunch and you can
pack pretend food for your dolls or feed
them your feed them here food so yeah
you just lay out a blanket and eat or
you can even have one inside or make a
video we would love to see those videos
I know several people have already but
yeah they're always fun to see so
picnics the third idea is having well
pretending that your doll is going on a
vacation one time mia cassie rose and I
pretended that we were on a plane and I
forgot my American Girl doll Julie on
the plane and it was a whole big
disaster we didn't make a video of it
but it was a really fun game so that
would also be fun you can get little
packages of peanuts and have someone be
the flight attendant and it's really fun
that's my idea ok so my next idea is
have your dog take swimming lessons
never put your doll in water you all
should never be like in contact with
water unless you're washing her or her
hair or misting her hair or washing her
body or whatever so yeah cuz their eyes
will rest because the top part is metal
or as well it's kind of weird but yeah
so if you doll has a swimsuit or you can
make one then you can pretend or you can
even fill up a little baby pool like
with two inches won't even less than
that like an inch and a half of water
and have us waited it that's really fun
ok so the last idea actually it's not
the last mia has the last but the
second-to-last idea is make videos with
your dolls outside because usually
people make them inside I'm not saying
always but usually
and it's fun to see outside like your
dolls or I don't know but it's kind of
hard to explain but it's just fun to see
dolls outside like pretending to climb
trees and stuff so you can make stop
motions of climbing a tree and picking
apples or Apple's don't grow in summer
oh well but yeah picking berries and
that's Ursa Sonia has the last one and
then that's it for today okay so the
last idea is do random know if that's
not it i'm sorry i was going to say do
random stuff but that's not okay so make
a swing for your doll outside all you
use a piece of cardboard or a piece of
wood and you drill holes in it or you
can just sleep use scissors or whatever
if it's cardboard and then you hope you
use yarn or string or twine or a rope if
you're using pretty heavy wood and make
a little swing for us and a little lilac
bush trees a lot like a bush or tree
just get on with it sorry okay so yeah
making a swing so we hope you enjoyed
today's topic and there's always going
to be more please send your ideas to
american girl tiffany and the subject
line has to be m & t show idea so thanks
for watching so that's your ideas by